Homework 4 Select a software project. The project can be imaginary or something you already have worked/are working on. You can also use the project you described in previous homeworks. Prepare a project proposal. Your reports should include the following information: a) Selected project management approach (traditional, agile, etc.). Briefly explain why this is selected. b) Project work breakdown structure c) Project schedule with all milestones, iterations (e.g. sprints if you are using Agile, design and SV cycles if you are using Waterfall). d) Project resource plan (all resource names and availabilities based on timeline should be visible). e) Summary, background and goals of the project as an introduction. f) The risk register (you can attach homework 2 if it is the same project) g) Quality plan (you can attach homework 3 if it is the same project) h) Explain how you will handle defect management throughout product life cycle (i.e. during coding and testing activities until project is completed and during sustaining after the product of the project is released). i) Prepare a maximum 6 minute long presentation to explain your project and plan in the class. For b, c, d, you can use a combined output (such as a Gantt chart) report. For all the items, you can use any project management software or an Excel file. All the presentations will take place on the last 2 weeks of the semester based on the number of submissions. You are going to present during the online session. You need to have a working microphone but you don’t need to have a camera. Hint: Since this is the project proposal and plan, you need to check all weeks’s lecture slides. However you can find some useful hints in week 3 & 6 for the overall format. Notes: 1) If you are not able to present during the online session for any reason, you can record your presentation and send it not later than May 27. In this case, please also send an e-mail to smetin@netrd.com.tr explaining your situation and be prepared to receive further questions via e-mail (I may ask questions to clarify my understanding of the project reports during presentations to all students). 2) For this homework, you can work in groups of up to 4 students. Note that group members will have to remain the same during the semester. If you are going to submit a group paper, you will be in the same group for the rest of the term including presentation homework. 3) The grading of this homework will be 30% out of the overall grade. 4) Homeworks, late by a week, will be accepted with a ten point penalty. After a week past the due date, homeworks will no longer be accepted. Important dates: The deadline to submit the homework is May 19, 2020.